STRING MANIPULATION, ARRAYS AND CONTROL STATEMENTS

EXPLANATION
	This is a Java program that calculates statistics for students using provided data.
The program calculates the total number of students, the average marks, and identifies the students with the highest and lowest marks. 
You can uncomment and use one of the three predefined sets of student’s data for analysis.

Instructions:
1.The program contains three predefined sets of student data (Set 1, Set 2, and Set 3). 
  You can choose which set of data to access by uncomment the line in the source code. 
  To uncomment a set, remove the double slashes ’//’ before the desired set of data and comment out the other sets.
2.Compile and run the program to calculate the statistics after selecting student data.
3.The program will calculate and display the following statistics:
a.The total number of students. 
b.The average score of all students. 
c.The highest score and the name of the student who achieved it. 
d.The lowest score and the name of the student who achieved it.

Design and Implementation:
The program is implemented as a simple statistical tool with the following design choices:
•It provides three student data sets that can be easily selected by uncommenting the desired set in the source code.
•The program splits the string into individual student records and stores them in separate arrays for names and scores.
•It calculates the total number of students, and average marks, and identifies the students with the highest and lowest marks.
•The program displays calculated data.

How to Compile and Run:
1.Make sure you have installed Java on your system.
2.If you want to select another set of strings (Student Data), remove the double slashes ’//’ before the desired set of data and comment out the other sets. 
3.Save the Java code in a file with a “.java” extension, like “strings.java”.
4.Open the command prompt (CMD) and navigate to the directory where you saved the “strings.java” file.
5.Compile the Java program using the javac command, e.g. “javac strings.java”.
6.Run the compiled program using the java command e.g. “java strings”.
